So bind is really useful for also managing this.
Now you might argue though that this syntax is a bit redundant or this code here is a bit redundant, if
we pull out get formatted title just to then reassign it to itself with the right this configuration
and you'd be right.
Bind is useful whenever you want to preconfigure a function for the future execution
but here we actually plan on executing the function right away,
so instead of doing that we can also use a different method which we can call on a function. I already
mentioned it briefly earlier in the course but there I said that we would dive into it later,
well now is later. Besides bind,
you also have call. Call also takes multiple arguments,
the first argument just as for bind is what this,
the this keyword should refer to inside of the function that is about to be executed,
second and more arguments, you can add as many as you want, are then the arguments that are passed into
the function if it needs any.
Now here we don't need to pass in any arguments so I'm only interested in the first parameter which
we pass to call and that again would be movie here.
So how is call different from bind then? Well bind prepares a function for future execution, bind
returns a new function object in the end which we then store here in get formatted title, call does
not do that, call instead goes ahead and executes the function right away.
So it's like if you added parentheses here but with that extra twist of allowing you to overwrite what
this inside of the function refers to,
so it executes a function for you when you want to change what this refers to,
that's where call is important and therefore now if I reload, we'll also see that this works again,
if I output Javascript level 10 to mix things up really hard here and we see that works.
So that's call and we also got apply, apply is pretty similar to call, it also will execute the function
right away,
the difference is that there, first argument still is what this should refer to
but then you don't have an infinite amount of additional arguments but instead it only takes one additional
argument and that however has to be an array and that can now be your values for the different arguments
this function might be taking. So in the end, the difference is call allows you to pass additional arguments
as a comma separated list,
apply allows you to pass additional arguments as an array, up to you which one you use,
here we don't pass in any arguments so it makes absolutely no difference and I'll therefore go with
call but apply would work just as well as I can actually prove by using that instead
if we now use Javascript level 11, it works.
So that's call and apply and bind which help us manage this, which can be hard to wrap your head around
but always keep in mind, this inside of a function always refers to what called that function or to
be precise,
always refers to the thing in front of your function execution here you could say. So here we have nothing
in front of it,
hence it's the global context.